# About

During this internship that lasted from August 2022 to Decmeber 2022, I worked as a Systems Engineer Intern.I worked closely with the supply chain team to find out how to optimise the processes at Infineon. I used the software tools like Tableau, Excel and PLSQL and models which I acquired throughout my internship to help optimise processes. Two note-worthy projects I did during my internship are:

- Tableau Quality Report
- Tableau Short-Term Stability Report

- Tableau Long-term Stability Report:
  - In this project, I was tasked to create a Tableau dashboard that allowed users to easily recognise the long-term performance of the Work in Progress performance. While Tableau is not taught directly to me as a student in school, it utilises similar concepts to the programming language of Structured Query Language which was taught in school. For instance, I had to utilise the concepts of joins in which I used an inner join. Moreover, when creating the dashboard, I had to utilise some skills such as User Interface/ User Experience (UI/UX) skills I learned from my experience learning UI/UX to design a dashboard that was aesthetically pleasing and easy to use. Moreover, my knowledge from my 3.007 Design module came in useful as I realised that after each version of my dashboard through consulting my supervisor, I would always receive feedback and work on the feedback that my supervisor gave me to come up with an even better version. Moreover, I utilised the concept of prototyping. How I did so was that after every meeting in which my manager would usually explain me the task, I would prepare questions and draw the format of the dashboard in my notebook and show it to me. That way it allows two thinks which are firstly for me to understand what is expected out of me and two which is for my manager and I to have a common consensus as to what the final dashboard would roughly look like before I embark on the task. Lastly, when it came to submitting the task, I had to utilise the Tableau Server which was very novel to me as I have never used such Tableau tools at a corporate level. Another useful module that I drew knowledge from was 40.011 Data and Business Analytics where I had to utilise some of the negotiation skills to know how to effectively communicate with stakeholders.
 
- Tableau Quality Report
  - In this project, I was tasked to create a Tableau dashboard that allowed users to easily recognise the Quality of the Work in Progress performance. While Tableau is not taught directly to me as a student in school, it utilises similar concepts to the programming language of Structured Query Language which was taught in school. For instance, I had to utilise the concepts of joins in which I used an inner join. In the data preparation stage, which is always done to ensure that the data is in the proper format, I had to utilise the concept of data blending instead of using the conventional joins as there were plenty of duplicate data which would skew the results accuracy in later stages. Moreover, when creating the dashboard, I had to utilise some skills such as User Interface/ User Experience (UI/UX) skills I learned from my experience learning UI/UX to design a dashboard that was aesthetically pleasing and easy to use. Moreover, my knowledge from my 3.007 Design module came in useful as I realised that after each version of my dashboard through consulting my supervisor, I would always receive feedback and work on the feedback that my supervisor gave me to come up with an even better version. Moreover, I utilised the concept of prototyping. How I did so was that after every meeting in which my manager would usually explain me the task, I would prepare questions and draw the format of the dashboard in my notebook and show it to me. That way it allows two thinks which are firstly for me to understand what is expected out of me and two which is for my manager and I to have a common consensus as to what the final dashboard would roughly look like before I embark on the task. Lastly, when it came to submitting the task, I had to utilise the Tableau Server which was very novel to me as I have never used such Tableau tools at a corporate level. Another useful module that I drew knowledge from was 40.011 Data and Business Analytics where I had to utilise some of the negotiation skills to know how to effectively communicate with stakeholders.


Note:
Due to the non-disclosure agreement and privacy concerns of my internship I am only allowed to upload the poster.
